In this lecture I'm going to discuss about ECS agent runs on host.
So there are 2 models that you can use to run your containers.
The first one is your Fargate launch type and the second one is your EC2 launch type.
So basically at the time of creation of your ECS cluster, you can choose any one of them.
Suppose you have chosen EC2 launch type and while creating your cluster you have given 3 instances.
So what will happen?
It is going to create 3 EC2 instances for your ECS cluster.
So here you can see in the figure we have EC2 instances which is going to manage your ECS cluster.
Now your cluster has been created with 3 EC2 instances.
The next step you are going to run the containers, so your container is going to run on your EC2
instances.
And here, while creating the cluster, I have to chosen EC2 launch type.
So what will happen?
The EC2 instances would be created and as a system admin you will have the access to those instances
to manage the server.
Now next is you are going to run the container.
So in first EC2 instance you can see few containers are running and like this way for second EC2 instance,
we have further new containers.
And also you can see on the third EC2 instance we have few containers.
Now the question is how your Amazon ECS is going to communicate with the EC2 instances which is created
while the creation of the cluster.
For that it requires one ECS agent which is installed by default on the EC2 instances.
If it is not installed, you can manually go to the EC2 instance and from there you can install it for
troubleshooting point of view.
You can log into those instances.
From there you can check whether this ECS agent service is running or not.
I will show you once.
I will do the troubleshooting.
Now here you can see suppose you want to create the container so you are going to tell all those things
to the Amazon ECS service like I want.
Few containers should be running on this.
EC2 instance.
I want to delete a few containers from this particular instances.
So how the AWS ECS service is going to communicate with the EC2 instances.
For that it requires the ECS agent which should be running on all the instances now coming to the next this
is your AWS fargate.
So basically while creating the cluster at that time, suppose you have chosen the AW.
S Fargate.
So basically this is a serverless pay as you go option and you can run your containers without needing
to manage your infrastructure so your cluster would be created and you just need to provide the task
size like how many resources you want to run your container.
So at the time of creation of your task or service, you can define and AWS is going to manage the infrastructure
as a system admin or as a application admin who is managing this ECS infrastructure.
You do not have the access to those instances.
Your AWS is going to manage the infrastructure for you.
So it is up to you whether you want to go with the EC2 launch type or fargate launch type.
So what are the benefits of ECS forget mode?
So here we have no infrastructure is required and second one is manage everything at the container
level, launch quickly, scale easily and resource based pricing.
So how do I know when to use Fargate or EC2 mode?
So it's completely depends upon the workload for EC2 hosted.
It is completely managed by the customer and for Fargate no management by customer and it's a cheaper
and it's a costlier for Fargate predicate long running task and  Fargate variable and short running
tasks.
So basically suppose you have chosen the EC2 hosted model.
So in that case, suppose there is an issue with the EC2 instance you are responsible for that.
Suppose you want to do patching on the instance.
So you have to log into those instances, you have to manage your instances, you have to update your
instances.
But if you have chosen the Fargate, then there is no management is required by the customer, but it
is a little bit costlier compare to the EC2 host.
So that's all we'll see you in the next lecture.